xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?





Licensing Introduction




# Licensing Introduction

InfiniTime is integrated with a proprietary software licensing solution providing electronic license updates to InfiniTime Servers with the click of a button. After purchasing an additional clock or increasing Employee Counts customers can now use the Activation Button within the InfiniTime Application to connect to the InfiniTime License server and update their license. Ease of use built into the electronic licensing solution ensures customers are able to upgrade their license and return to using the InfiniTime Application as soon as possible.

The Software License generated by Inception Technologies' software licensing solution is tied to the physical InfiniTime Server during the initial activation process InfiniTime Server to deter software piracy, or the use of a single license in multiple installations. More information about the security features of the Software Licensing system are detailed below.

A Single Physical Server can be licensed by the InfiniTime Software License Key

The InfiniTime Software License Key provided by Inception Technologies is tied to the physical InfiniTime Server during the initial Software Activiation process. The InfiniTime application generates a unique code based on your server's hardware and stores this code with the Software License Key. No personal or employee information is retrieved from the InfiniTime Server or the InfiniTime Database during the activation process, only data used for software Licensing. Inception Technologies does not share any customer information with partners or third parties.

After the InfiniTime Software License Key has been activated and tied to the physical InfiniTime server, attempts to use the same license key in another installation will inactivate the software license, causing the InfiniTime Software on both the original InfiniTime Server and the secondary machine to return to Demo Mode. If your license should be inactivated due to improper use, please contact Inception Technologies for assistance with reactivating your software.

The InfiniTime Application can be moved from server to server, though assistance from Inception Technologies is required to clear the association between your Software License key and the original InfiniTime Server. Simply contact the Inception Technologies Support Team or your authorized InfiniTime Dealer and ask for assistance with moving the software license to a new server.

The InfiniTime Software communicates regularly with the InfiniTime Licensing Server

The InfiniTime Software Application communicates with the Software Licensing Server once per day to verify its software license. No personal or employee information is retrieved from the InfiniTime Server or the InfiniTime database during this process. InfiniTime Software licenses remain active for six months after each time the InfiniTime software connects to the InfiniTime Licensing Server. If for some reason the InfiniTime Software is unable to communicate with the InfiniTime Licensing Server for a period of six months the Software License will deactivate itself and return to demo mode.

Customers without internet access at the InfiniTime Server can manually request a license update by generating a Manual License request from the InfiniTime Server and providing the file to Inception Technologies via email, mail, or an alternate method. A manual activation file will be returned to the customer which can be imported to the InfiniTime Software to extend the active license duration by another six months. This process must be repeated at least once every six months for customers without Internet Access at the InfiniTime Server.

Technical Note: The InfiniTime Software communicates with the InfiniTime Licensing Server through the HTTP Protocol which requires internet access. Outbound Traffic on Port 80 must be open from the InfiniTime Server to permit this communication, or manual activation will be required.

Current Limitations of the Software Licensing Solution

During development of the Software Licensing Solution, it was found that some systems may not generate the unique number required by the Software Licensing Solution as a unique identifier if no network media is connected to the machine. The impact of this item is expected to be minimal, as the likelihood of customers having an incompatible hardware combination and also having no local network is extremely low.

Additional Software Licensing Resources:

[Software Licensing and Virtualization](INSTCH8_Software_Licensing_and_Virtualization.md)

[Initial Activation: Existing Customers with HASP Keys](INSTCH8_Initial_Activation_Exising_Customer_with_HASP_Keys.md)

[Initial Electronic Software Activation: New Customers](INST_CH8_Initial_Software_Activation.md)

[Update Software License: Additional Purchases](INST_CH8_ElectronicLicense.md)

[Manual License Updates](INST_CH8_ManualUpdates.md)

[Moving InfiniTime to a New Server](INST_CH8_Moving.md)

[Updating Software Licensing: Existing Customers with HASP Keys](Software_Licensing_-_Existing_Customers_with_HASP_Keys.md)